Changed plone instances to zope instances (#1836)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/upgrading/version-specific-migration/migrate-to-volto.md

Plone provides a form `/@@migrate_to_volto` that allows you to run all the required changes to your existing site to make it compatible with Volto.

You can access this form in the browser when you are logged in as an Administrator.

> Open `http://localhost:8080/Plone/@@migrate_to_volto`, where `localhost` is your hostname, `8080` is the port on which Plone runs, and `Plone` is the name of the Zope instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `http://localhost:8080/Plone/@@migrate_to_volto`, where `localhost` is your hostname, `8080` is the port on which Plone runs, and `Plone` is the name of the Plone site.
```
